# Simplify where possible
Replaced my portfolio website from dynamic wordpress using hostinger hosting to a static one hosted for free on github. 
> The major portion of my portfolio was blogging, reset everything was almost static. With the limitation of wordpress, the frequent backups and
hosting price, I shifted to check if static website using github pages was useful. Created a template page for my blogs with standard components. 
Most of the website is static. For adding blog, I reuse the templates page to create a new blog. Place it in a folder and creat and entry in blogs
page which has links to all my blogs. I now pay only for my domain, host everything on github pages, take easy zip backups, easy blogs creation, no
database and forever platform independence.

# Code Reading will be valuable skill
While AI has disrupted and made coders restless, the probability layer that has even as minute as 0.00001% wrong result possibility, engineers would 
still be needed to cater to reading code and validating logically.
> Before this development was working on logical layer, the compilers work on logic, the frameworks work on logic. But now the AI layer is the first layer to work on probability at its core (neural network). So it cant be used directly
in systems where business needs acccuracy and rely on absolute logic. Coder readers with understanding of logic, design principles, arhitecture, business,
domain and a backing of experience will always be a valueable asset. Imagine you were owner of a payment application, would you trust AI for accuracy, 
even if it has reached 99.9999999% accuracy. For some their application is their life and putting AI to work on it without human assistance is life threatning.

# AI is more powerful than you think
AI can actually replace a coder, but there are saves. No matter who writes code untill you understand each line it wrote and you own the codebase and decisions,
you are good.
> While working in my previous project I had to build a Json Parser and Writer and I was free to use a stable library for parsing. But as JsonPath from Jayway in
Java gave me the parsing capability, it was not able to write. So, solution was a custom writer. It took me almost 1 weeks to build one and a number of iterations, prototypes. Eventually I was able to build one, even with insights from ChatGPT. But while replicating that in DotNet, same things I was using NewtonSoft libray and it was also limited in writing. Tried to build custom which I could but I prompted Claude. I had the knowledge of what had worked that time. Drafting theprompt was easy. And with 2 pormpts it gave me the needful class. And it worked. 30 minutes max.
The best thing I did was actually understand what it was doing, and understood each line. I made it bend to my clean architecture and modularity needs and
understanding what it had written was really helpful for me making those decision. What I also realized is that you can grow fast with AI, it can do everything
but just know each line it has written. Why it has written? This makes you the decision maker. If you let it develop in its own, I have no idea how any future
feature can be added. Either you have to be prcise in the prompting or just read codebase from scratch. And while reading, you may realize that a complete
redesign is needed. This happend with me in Certix, a certificate authentication system Saas I was building. Eventually I realized i was building for an empty room. But I also realized that if I dont know the code, it can be easy initially but with growth of codebase it becomes nightmare.
So just know the code and be responsible for that. Understand it and make decisions.
